[BOP-972] Add docs for GPU workloads (#74)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/migrate-from-MKE-3.md

mkectl init --mke3-config </path/to/mke3-config.toml>
```

> {{< callout type="info" >}} If you are upgrading an MKE3 cluster with GPU enabled,
> you must perform the [GPU prerequisites](/docs/operations/gpu/#prerequisites) before upgrading {{< /callout >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout type="info" >}} To upgrade an MKE 3 cluster with GPU enabled,
ensure you complete the [GPU prerequisites](/docs/operations/gpu/#prerequisites) before
starting the upgrade process. {{< /callout >}}
```
